fix: Maintaining Consistency in github-readme (#1820)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/github/github-readme.md

(cl-github-readme)=
# README and Project Communication

README files are the welcome mat for your project.

> They are the first thing where new visitors to your project will see and, thus are part of a set of really important documents to make potential contributors feel welcome and invite them to get involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are the first thing new visitors to your project will see and are part of a set of essential documents that make potential contributors feel welcome and invite them to get involved.
```

I ran this sentence through Grammarly and it was flagged as being too wordy. My suggestion is what Grammarly recommends.
